added readme information, adr's, tech doc pages, hld image, tidyied o… (#12)
DFE-Digital/get-an-identity: docs/architecture/decisions/0005-use-dotNet-C#-for-get-an-identity-auth-server.md

# Use .Net C# to implement the auth server components of get an identity

27 July 2022

## Status

Accepted

## Context

We completed 2 technical spikes to understand what technology was the best fit to use to implement the auth server engine
of "get-an-identity" service. We wanted a set of libraries in order to provide the boiler plate code of OIDC/OAUTH 2.0 protocols
on which we had made the decision to base the auth server components of the application (see ADR 0004). 

Spike 1: Using Ruby

https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-a-lost-trn/pull/265
https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-a-lost-trn/pull/171

Spike 2: Using .Net

https://github.com/DFE-Digital/get-an-identity/tree/main/dotnet-authserver

## Decision

We will use .Net C# to implement the auth server components of "Get an Identity". We feel that there is less risk overall (despite not being our number 1

> language of choice, we do have othe .Net code within teacher services). The main factor being the libraries available in C# are much more plentiful and mature. In Ruby there is (at the time of writing) only a few [Gems](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-a-lost-trn/pull/265) supporting OIDC/OATH. We tested device and dooekeeper. It took more effort than we thought reasonable to get a simple test app working, our tech lead raised a number of risks and concerns during coding. A particular risk was the fact the library did not seem to be very actively maintained. While it supported the main OAUth/OIDC flows, its support wasn't as comprehensive as we founf in spike 2 (.Net).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language of choice, we do have other .Net code within teacher services). The main factor being the libraries available in C# are much more plentiful and mature. In Ruby there is (at the time of writing) only a few [Gems](https://github.com/DFE-Digital/find-a-lost-trn/pull/265) supporting OIDC/OATH. We tested devise and doorkeeper. It took more effort than we thought reasonable to get a simple test app working, our tech lead raised a number of risks and concerns during coding. A particular risk was the fact the library did not seem to be very actively maintained. While it supported the main OAUth/OIDC flows, its support wasn't as comprehensive as we found in spike 2 (.Net).
```
